Ccs generalization (#1486)
ewels/MultiQC: CHANGELOG.md

- **RSeQC**
  - Fixed minor bug in new TIN parsing where the sample name was not being correctly cleaned ([#1484](https://github.com/ewels/MultiQC/issues/1484))
- **CCS**

>   - Consideration of compound IDs generated by pbcromwell ccs in the general statistics 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Tolerate compound IDs generated by pbcromwell ccs in the general statistics ([#1486](https://github.com/ewels/MultiQC/pull/1486))
```
